{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww43180\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\b Body size\

\f0\b0 The benefit of growing large is determined by food availability, seasonality, and to a lesser extent, temperature. With increasing richness of the size spectrum, body size increased. Although not presented graphically here, under extremely rich size spectra - environments with very high productivity - staying small was advantageous in all environmental scenarios suggesting that when bathed in food, there is no reason to grow large, even though lifespan is extremely short (due to high mortality of small individuals).  We chose not to include these results in our analysis as individuals were very short lived (essentially, they were semelparous). \
\
The strong effect of seasonality on the evolution of body size in our model is partially due to that fact that in seasonal environments, twice as much food is available during the winter season (Figure 1). This means that on average there is 50% more food available to an individual as it grows (but it must pay higher metabolic costs during the low-food seasons, which is a disadvantage of growing larger). To understand the effect of seasonality apart from the effect of increased food, it is useful to compare the body sizes that evolve in constant environments with greater richness (Kappa) with the body sizes that are favored in seasonal environments of lesser richness. Body sizes in seasonal scenarios are similar or greater than body sizes in constant environments offering much greater richness and lower metabolic costs (Figure X). We can infer that the large body sizes in seasonal environments are not simply due to the increased food available, but comes from the temporal aspects of food availability and metabolic costs.   \
 \
Warmer environments generally favor large body sizes, more so in constant conditions. In general, seasonality favors larger body sizes, so the minor effect of temperature is understandable. An exception occurred at intermediate food levels, in seasonal environments, when cooler temperature favor a delayed growth strategy, where older individuals had a period of secondary growth, eventually reaching larger body sizes than individuals in warmer environments. This difference in growth trajectory was less pronounced in sensitivity analyses where we varied the parameters associated with mortality risk at each size (predator gut fullness, 
\f2\i f_h
\f0\i0 ). This exception to the general pattern of larger body sizes in warmer environments illustrates that the effect of temperature on growth is sensitive to the trade-off between reproduction and the increased metabolic costs associated with larger sizes, as well as the seasonality of the environment. \
\
The effect of temperature on growth was greatest at intermediate food levels. Both nutrient poor or nutrient rich conditions lead to similar strategies in both thermal environments. There is one outlier, in high food, cold seasonal environments, individuals are favored to have a terminal growth investment to even larger body sizes (over three meters). We don\'92t focus on that here, as very few individuals are alive (Fig. X presents the growth pattern for the rare individual that does survive the full lifespan). \

\f1\b \
Mortality rate
\f0\b0 \
Following the patterns observed for body size, the mortality rate depended on environmental richness as well as seasonality. Emergent mortality rates were inversely related to body size, which is to be expected, given the size-dependent nature of predation in our model of size-spectra, and thus primarily correlated to richness (Kappa). In seasonal environments, mortality was lower for each value of Kappa, as individuals were larger. \
\

\f1\b Age at maturity\

\f0\b0 In the model scenarios presented here, individuals matured between one and two years, and surprisingly, this did not very in sensitivity analyses (in which we varied predator gut fullness). \
\
Greater environmental richness and seasonal environments both led to later maturation, as the optimal growth pattern required that reproduction be put off in favor of early growth and larger body size. The effect of temperature was weak, although in seasonal environments, there was an interaction with temperature; at lower richness (Kappa), individuals in the colder seasonal environment had late maturation, but at intermediate richness, this pattern reversed (Figure X). This difference varied in sensitivity analyses with increased mortality (predator gut fullness), as did the growth trajectory. Our definition of maturity as the age at which females produce 50% of their eventual maximum reproductive output has minimized differences in the steepness of the maturation ogive that are apparent in the pattern of reproductive investment (Supplemental Figure).  \
\

\f1\b Size at maturity\

\f0\b0 In constant environments, size at maturity increased with environmental richness, closely following the pattern of age at maturity. As with age at maturity, there was no effect of varying predation risk in the size spectrum (by varying predator gut fullness).  There was a minor effect of temperature, which was associated with smaller size at maturity in warmer environments, if they were constant). All else being equal, in seasonal scenarios with low and intermediate richness, size at maturity occurred at a larger size in warmer environments than cooler environments (age at maturity was either the same, or earlier in warmer environments).  In seasonal environments, we found an unexpected pattern where size at maturation was smaller at the highest level of richness (Kappa = 0.42) than intermediate environments, even though the age of maturity was slightly later. We infer that with plentiful food, the ability to take advantage of seasonally abundant resources is less important, so early growth is not prioritized over reproduction to the same degree. Inspection of the pattern of reproductive investment in seasonal environments suggests that the maturation ogive is less steep. \
\
  Discussion\
}