{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NOTES FOLLOWING HOLLY\'92S TALK  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Cat wants heterogeneity in Size-at-age \'97 try ramping up stochasticity \
\
Jason wants the joint distribution of independent mortality and reproduction - also show Jason the connection to temperature and environmental richness\'85. \
\
Joint distribution of reproduction and mortality: Y axis is mortality and x axis is reproduction, produce slices with heat map colors\'85 Pairwise plots between asymptotic body size, age at reproduction, reproductive effort, and mortality so we can look at all of these joint distributions.  \
\
Ultimately Holly model outputs can be Cat\'92s inputs - this can be a section in the theoretical paper\'85. present the results of Cat\'92s scombrid model in a slightly different way, and Cat\'92s analysis applied to simulation outputs, try to estimate parameters and look at tradeoffs, and put them side by side with Scombrid paper results. \
\
We are interested in per capita fecundity and mortality\
 \
\
\
annual decisions regarding faculty recruitment made at chair meeting on July 19.  From there Bob evaluates DEENR, DMCS, LANDSCAPE, ENV SCI are priorities this year. \
\
Bob will initiate a search after that meeting. Job description then goes out from HR. Postings must be up for two weeks. Descriptions are targeted. Earliest appointment would be Jan 1. But he very much would like to do it\'85 interview is three folks minimum. More often than not\'85 the internal gets the hire but there are exceptions. One search committee, one job ad, the two of us. \
\
Bob requires that faculty hiring proposals come from programs, not departments\'85 so Henry is building programs to gather interest in recruiting me, DMCS is likely to be interested. \
\
\
Nick - wants to generate the living planet index and then generate rate of decline since 1970. He needs someone to do 500 time series. He\'92s looking for indicators - statements based on available information that can guide policy decisions. \
\
NEED TO DO\
\
Sharks - breeding frequencies from Chris Mull\
 \
Cat would like to continue her involvement with me and Nick in the shark trends analysis - potentially developing Marie Curie in France to look at seabirds with hierarchical methods. Application due in Sept; she finds out in March\
}